-- I'm Fillz. I build the things nobody sees.
--If you've ever used NoMercy to watch a movie, the video you're watching was encoded by an FFmpeg [pronunciation: F-F-mpeg] binary I built. Not downloaded. Built. From source. Cross-compiled for six platforms in Docker containers I designed. Every codec, every filter, every hardware acceleration path -- configured, compiled, tested, packaged. That's my FFmpeg build system.
--I showed up to this project because I believed in what Stoney was building. A media server that respects ownership. A Netflix experience for content you actually own. That's worth contributing to. So I started building.
--Then came the Whisper models for subtitle generation. Then the trailer processing infrastructure. Then the beat detection filter for music BPM analysis. Each one a foundation piece that the rest of the system builds on.
--I also nudged the project toward C#. Stoney had tried other stacks. Three times. Different languages, different frameworks. Each time hitting walls that C# and dot-NET just don't have -- the performance, the cross-platform support, the ecosystem. It was the right call. The media server is proof.
--I host beast-unit -- the self-hosted runner that builds and tests everything the GitHub-hosted runners can't handle. Heavy Docker builds, cross-compilation, extended test suites. They run on hardware I provide because the project needs it and I can.
--I don't build in the spotlight. I build foundations. The FFmpeg binary, the CI runners, the infrastructure. Stoney takes those foundations and wires them into the product. That's how we work.
--I hate his favorite Dutch proverb. He knows this. He uses it anyway. Every time. I've stopped arguing, which he takes as a victory. It isn't.
--What drives me is simple: I want this thing to ship. Not eventually. Not someday. Every build script I write, every Docker layer I optimize -- it's one less thing between where we are and where we're going.
--Foundations first. Always.